---
layout: post
title: About Me
date: 1991-11-22 01:00:00 -0800
description: About me as a software engineer, data scientist, and biomedical engineer professionally. Also about my lifestyle, and various topics about my enthusiasm for the video game industry, animation industry, travelling, and seredipitous discovery. # Add post description (optional)
img: about-me.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [About Me, General]
---
>TLDR; (or tlrt;) I am currently a Cloud Software Engineer in my day job (no, I don't work for the rainforest company). I have a background in Biomedical Engineering, and currently have heaps of interest in Autonomous Cars, Robotics, and Health IT.

>Also, this is an ongoing document that is being continuously edited. (And yes, that is my head in the picture.)

# About me

**Okay, this may be the most interesting page on my blog. This page holistically explains the type of person I am, so if you stop in the middle and arrive at a different conclusion, well, that’s not my fault. XD**

## The short version.

My name is Jaewoo Park, and I’m a bay area implant currently residing somewhere in the East Bay, CA. I currently work as a Software Engineer for a large telecommunications company, and am focused on virtualization and infrastructure as a service. (Insert Cloud buzzwords here). I’m currently doing most of my day work on the Identity service of Cloud Engineering. I’ve been in tech for roughly over a year now (phew time flies), but have been coding for quite the while.

*Topics that fascinate me: Data Science, Health IT, Automation, Autonomous Vehicles, Surgical Robots.*

---

## The longer version.

### For those who knew me in college

I was originally trained to be a Biomedical Engineer in college. After struggling through various engineering disciplines for the degree (mechanical, electrical, chemical, material sci, computational math), I was a little disillusioned.

The long process that is required to get a product out into the market bedazzled me. Getting a medical device out requires a battle of tug-o-war with the FDA, which wasn’t in my DNA.
The bells and whistles of getting into the industry was belaboring. It seemed close to impossible to make it into the industry without much knowledge of working with such regulatory agencies unless you were a fresh graduate from a target school (Mind you I went to a pretty prestigious engineering heavy school).
It seemed that you are much more awarded for mechanical and electrical savviness, not so much tech savviness. I was always more inclined to working on a script, or an application on my laptop rather than tinkering around with something in the engineering “design kitchen” we had.

After a couple of conversational interviews during my short lived Senior year, and graduate student years with professionals in the industry, it seemed apparent that I should shift my focus in tech.

### Was I a complete newbie?

Well, so when I decided that I would change industries, was I just completely clueless about everything? Yes, and no. I went through a transition period right after around mid-point into my Master’s degree. I started focusing more on expanding my horizons. I interned at a startup, started writing Front End code, took a course on Statistical Machine Learning, another in Computational Science (first class that taught me C++ - boy did I cry at all the segfaults, and Valgrind logs), started being amazed by Version Control, etc. And we were at the time developing a telemedicine application / hardware for my capstone project, so I started getting exposure to tech bit by bit.

But.. I didn’t have proper knowledge about Operating Systems, Algorithms and Asymptotic Notations, or other fundamental courses that CS students had gone through throughout the 3+ years of their degrees. So yeah.. There was that.

### My First Tech Internship!

So after wandering around a little bit, and turning down a couple of gigs that I thought wasn’t too interesting or aligned with my interests, I came across Udacity, and their Web Developer Nanodegrees. I started their Front End Nanodegree, and near the tail end of that endeavor, I came across an internship opportunity. I had my first ever tech interview, and somewhat to my surprise, was given an offer to intern.

So I worked on a MEAN (minus the MongoDB, replaced with PostgreSQL) stack application, and had a chance to work on a feature. I also was introduced to quite a bit of server side logic, and took an interest in backend work, application deployments, and cloud computing. So that takes me to where I am now.


>If you were looking for my professional experience, go [here](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jaewoopark91); if you were looking for my resume, go [here](#)